Hello and welcome back to hit the recipe as we need a rest land right in this cause.
We are going to use force man to hit the wrist EPAs.
If you are familiar with any other Eastland like Erdogan's or Eastland or any other tool, you can go
for it.
But in this cause, we are going with postmen to hajduk wristbands.
So this is the official website of Postman.
Download the postman according to your operating system and install in your local machine.
After installing policemen, open it and you will see the screen like this.
So here we can fire recipes that different delivery methods provided or here geared toward paused and
delayed.
And here we can provide the oral query params and also we can provide the body as well.
That is basically what payload in the apartment of Jason.
So download and install the postman will proceed further in the next lecture.
Thank you very much.